Implement RFC "A core story for images" (#6344)
withastro/astro: .changeset/gold-rocks-cry.md

---
'astro': minor
'@astrojs/mdx': minor
'@astrojs/markdown-remark': minor
---

> Add a new experimental flag (`experimental.assets`) to enable our new core Assets story.
> 
> This unlocks a few features:
> - Image component and JavaScript API to transform and optimize images.
> - Support for images stored relatively to your content in Markdown.
> - Support for validating assets using Content Collections.
> - and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new experimental flag (`experimental.assets`) to enable our new core Assets story.

This unlocks a few features:
- A new built-in image component and JavaScript API to transform and optimize images.
- Relative images with automatic optimization in Markdown and MDX files.
- Support for validating assets using content collections.
- and more!
```
Just suggesting some edits to make this more closely align with what we have on the assets page itself. 

I think emphasizing new and built-in for the image component could be helpful (since we're going to have to remind people they can't use the existing integration), and I think "relative images" in Markdown/MDX is the hot phrase everyone wants to hear!  🥳

Author: Just removed the `and MDX` part since this isn't actually supported at the moment, otherwise looks awesome! Thank you very much!

> See [Assets (Experimental)](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/assets/) on our docs for more information on how to use this feature!

Reviewer 2: Small typo, probably should be “in our docs” or “on our docs site”

```suggestion
See [Assets (Experimental)](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/assets/) on our docs site for more information on how to use this feature!
```
